[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Something strange
is happening.
We are living through the
most extraordinary moment
in human history.
After decades of
denial and ridicule,
government officials
and the mainstream media
are admitting that
extraterrestrial civilizations
are visiting Earth.
But there's a twist.
The same people and institutions
who lied about ETs, and just
about everything
else, are now framing
the extraterrestrial
presence as a threat.
>> And we are seriously
thinking of the Space Force.
>> One man has been trying to
warn us about this for decades.
>> If you're seeing this, it's
because I'm either dead or have
been entrapped or
have disappeared.
>> Most of us are ill
prepared for open contact with
an advanced ET civilization.
As our expanding
cosmology outgrows
our theological institutions,
modern human society
is spiraling into decadence,
narcissism, depravity,
and nihilism.
>> Catch me outside,
how 'bout that?
>> If we want to
truly understand ETs,
their technology,
and their intentions,
we have to readdress our
assumptions about the nature
of reality and our relationship
with the physical universe.
>> On the surface,
oh, UFOs are real.
There are these machines
zipping through the sky.
But one of the things
I've always said
is, well, that's interesting.
And it's cool.
And it's great to see them.
But what's really
interesting are the people
on board those spacecraft.
They're intelligent.
They're conscious.
They're here.
They're interested.
Why are they here otherwise?
But no one has
made the question,
how do we develop
that relationship
with the occupants of the UFOS?
That's what this is about.
It's going from just sort
of a materialistic view,
there's a machine flying
around the sky, and sort
of a superficial view
of it, to a deeper
truth of who's on board?
Why are they here?
What is their
relationship to humanity?
Perhaps the origins
of the human race.
What are we to do to create
a relationship with them?
And how do we do that?
What is the foundation of a
relationship between humans
at this stage of our
evolution, and of civilizations
that are hundreds of thousands
to millions of years more
developed, technologically,
and socially, and perhaps
in consciousness?
We have to find where that
point of commonality is.
I have put a briefing
together for every president
since Bill Clinton.
And to the extent that
they know anything,
it doesn't mean
they have control
over these covert programs.
The unacknowledged
special access projects
are run in a way that they
are outside the purview
and control of the
president or the Congress.
And for that reason, our
elected representatives
are unlikely to
resolve this problem.
But we can resolve it by going
directly to the civilizations
and saying, we're here.
You can make contact with us.
We're unarmed.
We are friendly.
>> Since 1990, a network of
free thinkers and renegades have
been bypassing the national
security state to make direct
contact with advanced
extraterrestrial civilizations.
Using the Close Encounters
of the Fifth Kind
protocols, or CE-5,
developed by Dr. Greer,
this has proven to be the
most subversive and dangerous
information he has
released to the public.
>> Oh my gosh.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>> Look at this.
This is some UFO type
shit right now, man.
Look at this shit right now.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>> These three lights that keep
coming together and then they
fucking go apart.
Watch this.
Look at 'em.
Dude.
There goes one.
Now they're back to two lights.
There it goes.
Boom.
>> Close encounters of the
first kind consists of visual
sightings of an
unidentified flying object.
Close encounters of the second
kind, some physical trace
is present, like impressions
in the ground or scorched
vegetation.
Close encounters of the third
kind, the occupants or pilots
of an ET craft are witnessed.
Close encounters of the
fourth kind, a human
is brought on board an ET craft.
Close encounters
of the fifth kind,
proactive human-initiated
communication
with extraterrestrial beings.
Most of the phenomena
presented in this film
were photographed or recorded
during a CE-5 contact event.
For thousands of people,
contact has begun.
This is their story.
[MYSTERIOUS MUSIC]
>> Look, there's four.
There's four.
>> Holy damn hot shit.
Hot dog.
>> Don't go away.
>> This got on the radar of
the intelligence community,
and they knew that we had
come across the Rosetta Stone
of contacting or communicating
with interstellar
civilizations.
And it worked.
That is what started the
intelligence community
coming after what we
were saying and doing
and trying to intercept it.
This is, in fact, cosmic
disobedience on a grand scale.
We're going to
bypass the sociopaths
and these covert programs,
and do this directly.
It's the same thing with
the Civil Rights movement.
The Civil Rights movement
would have never happened
from the top down.
Even the Kennedy
brothers did not
want to step into that mess.
It took a mass of people,
not just Martin Luther King,
but millions of people
all over the country,
doing sit-ins, and lunch
counter sit-ins, and buses,
and what have you, to
change that direction
of our civilization
out of Jim Crow
onto a spoke society that
is, while not perfect, more
open and inclusive than it was.
Well, the same has
to happen here.
And to do that, we
have to understand
what cosmic consciousness
is, and what
the nature of the
cosmic mind is,
that is resonating within
every single human being.
Because that's the foundation
for the relationship
between humans and
these civilizations.
By doing it directly,
all of us are going
to know what the truth is.
You don't have to go through
a proxy or someone who's
telling you second hand.
But it also creates
a movement globally
to show these
civilizations that there
are people on this planet
who are enlightened,
and conscious, and
peaceful, which
is the majority of humans.
Because real disclosure
is humans making contact
with these
civilizations directly,
and these civilizations are
waiting for us to do it.
And so this is our opportunity.
This is our moment.
And it really is we the
people that have to do it.
>> Well, for decades, only
crackpots and crazy people
believed in UFOs.
That's what I thought, anyway.
And then in recent
years, it turns out
that governments
have been taking them
seriously all along.
Very seriously.
[TECHNO MUSIC]
>> The question is often
asked, when will UFO disclosure
happen?
The answer is it has
already happened.
It happened in 2001 at
the National Press Club
in Washington, DC,
where military, NASA,
and intelligence
agency whistle blowers
testified to their involvement
in the UFO cover up
and the back engineering of
extraterrestrial technologies.
It happened again in 2017,
with the release of the film
"Unacknowledged", in
anticipation of which,
the CIA and the FBI published
millions of UFO documents
on their website sites.
Despite all this, nothing
has really changed.
Life goes on as
before, except there
is a new narrative unfolding in
the mainstream media, one that
is designed to subvert
true disclosure
and extinguish the
opportunity for transformation
available to us through
these revelations.
>> Earlier this week,
the "New York Times"
and Politico revealed
the existence of a secret
government program to
investigate UFO sightings.
>> It was especially focused
on encounters by members
of the military, like this one
experienced by a US Navy pilot
off the coast of California.
>> There's a whole fleet
of them, Look on the ASA.
>> My gosh.
>> They're all going
against the wind.
The wind's 120 knots
out of the west.
>> Look at that thing!
>> It's rotating.
>> Average people
see UFOs on the news.
All of a sudden it's real.
UFOs, we've been
tracking them in the sky.
And they go, OK, well were
the tinfoil hat people right?
It took a long time for
the mainstream media
to finally admit that, yeah, you
know, they are, in fact, real.
Why did we wait that long?
Why did we wait for
the mainstream media
to tell us before we
finally believed, hey,
this is actually happening?
And the challenge is, if
there's potentially multiple
narratives, how do you
decide which one to go with?
>> Back in the 1990s, I was read
into or briefed on a project
that involved an interagency
group that had the ability
to disclose the ET presence
in a way that would frighten
everyone on Earth and convince
the public that there was
an "alien threat," which
is completely false.
It's all a lie.
And that this had been
developed in the '50s,
and they had been
developing the means
and the psychological
warfare to make that happen.
So in the 1990s, I wrote
a paper called "When
Disclosure Serves Secrecy".
What that means is there are
two kinds of disclosures that
might happen; a truthful one
that is also a hopeful one,
which is what I gave up
my medical career to try
to actuate and do.
And then there's
the one that is spun
by the spinmeisters
in Washington
and at the Pentagon and
CIA, which runs like this.
"It's true that UFOs are real.
They are here as a threat.
They're violating our airspace.
They're a national security
threat, and a threat
to our sovereignty."
I'm quoting.
>> The purpose of the program,
Advanced Aerospace Threat
Identification Program, was
really designed to do just
that.
From a national
security perspective,
identify those
things that we see,
and try to ascertain
and determine
if that information
is a potential threat
to national security.
>> And we knew this
was going to happen,
because I had met with people
who were in these classified
projects who were on interagency
committees that had everything
set to roll this out.
And they were just waiting
for the right time.
The Soviet Union has ended.
We have the global terrorism
while it's still there.
It's not like it
was around 9/11.
This is the next "big
thing" that they want
the public to be afraid of.
>> When a pickpocket
meets a saint,
all he sees are his pockets.
Or, like, if you're a hammer,
everything looks like a nail.
It's not that this isn't
a genuine perception
on their part, because
they've been raised--
their entire political
and professional career
has been designed to have this
kind of artificial construct
of this.
There's this national
airspace, and nobody
can come into the
airspace unless we say so.
And they've got this super
control mechanism going.
And they're right at this really
important place right now where
they're attempting to
establish any kind of one world
government.
You know, that they've gotten
the communications systems up,
the transportation systems up.
They want to establish
a planetary government.
And there's nothing
that is going
to motivate the creation
of a one world government
like the discovery
of an ultimate other.
Ronald Reagan, standing in
front of the United Nations,
the Senate, right out.
>> Perhaps we need some
outside universal threat.
I occasionally think how quickly
our differences worldwide
would vanish if we were
facing an alien threat
from outside this world.
>> He was silly
enough to say it.
You know, that's
part of his naivete.
But the fact that
is their agenda.
>> Legendary civil rights
attorney Daniel Sheehan has
spent over 50 years fighting
the national security state.
The Pentagon Papers and
the Iran-Contra scandals
are but two of his
many landmark cases
before becoming a whistle
blower and legal counsel
for the Disclosure
Project in 2001.
>> It's helpful, of course, for
them to say, oh, UFOs are real.
That's quite helpful.
We've been trying to get
people to understand that now
for the last 30 years.
But it's all immediately
wedded to this fact
that they're this
horrible threat.
And so we have to come
forward with a positive set
of programs, a positive
vision for this.
And that's what
I'm trying to help
get the Vatican and
the Jesuit Order
to become involved
in, in putting forth
a discussion about the
theological and philosophical
challenges that
this presents to us.
But it's not a national
security threat, you know?
It's not a threat
to our species.
It's not a threat to our planet.
It's a threat to our
view as ourselves as the
be all and end all, that the
entire universe was created
as a stage on which to play
out the human drama of one
single species.
You know, that ain't so,
but let's get used to it.
And let's figure out
what the new story is.
What is the new story?
It is a positive story.
What is our role in it?
We may not be the
star of it, but we're
a good supporting character in
the unfolding of our universe.
And let's figure out
what that story is.
>> The success of
"Unacknowledged",
which has been seen by hundreds
of millions of people now.
>> Have you not watched
"Unacknowledged"?
>> What is "Unacknowledged"?
>> You've got to watch
"Unacknowledged".
>> What is that one?
>> OK, you've got to
watch "Unacknowledged".
>> What is it?
>> You've got to watch
"Unacknowledged".
>> Is that that
Steven Greer movie?
>> Caused a reaction within
the intelligence community
of the United States.
And so what the major
media has begun to do
is to cooperate with
the intelligence
community in reporting
all this information out,
but with this peculiar spin,
very subliminal at this stage,
that it's a threat.
>> The project was called
the Advanced Aviation Threat
Identification Program, run
by an official named Luis
Elizondo.
>> I think this is a
national security imperative.
We have clear things
that we do not
understand how they
work operating in areas
that we can't control.
>> One of my first cases coming
out of law school was for NBC
to establish the right
of journalists to protect
their confidential news sources.
I did the amicus briefs
for the "New York
Times" and the "Washington
Post" and also for CBS and ABC.
And it was at that
time that I began
to realize that there was this
close working relationship
between the board of editors
of the "New York Times"
and the National
Security community,
that there's
conversations going on all
the time between
the board of editors
and the national
security people.
And we actually got an
affidavit from Teddy Sorensen
saying, oh yes, the national
security state and CIA
and everybody consult regularly
with the "New York Times"
to get them not to
tell information
about covert operations
that we're engaged in.
I was surprised to find
that out at that point.
I began to do an
investigation about this
as the lawyer for the
"Times" now and for NBC,
and found out that there were 42
full time Central Intelligence
Agency or NSA people employed by
the major national news media.
And they had a
whole entire project
called Project Mockingbird.
And they were deeply embedded
with major national news media.
And they were constantly,
from their point of view,
safeguarding of the
information that was
going to be allowed to get out.
And it was quite clear
that they viewed themselves
as all part of the
same basic fraternity.
They all shared in
the patriotic vision
of the Central
Intelligence Agency
being able to go
around the world.
The thing we had the biggest
challenge with on the Pentagon
Papers case is they
didn't want to reveal
the fact that there was
a massive assassination
program going on.
And it was being funded
by heroin trafficking
to keep it away from the
Congressional funding
investigations, et cetera.
I thought this was a terribly
newsworthy thing to tell about,
but it was beyond the pale.
That was not to be
talked about here.
You can talk about how bad
the Vietnam War was, and even
the fact that they lied about
the Bay of Tonkin incident,
but not this.
>> Even the Air Force Office of
Special Investigations officer
Richard Doty admitted that
he would bring bags of cash
to national security editors
in the major media to get
their cooperation
in this narrative.
>> So every news agency, every
television and radio station
in the Albuquerque or Santa Fe
area had our snitches in there.
So we knew.
And we paid them.
We paid them good money.
One of the reasons you get
to people is you pay them.
And that was controversial.
That was somewhat controversial.
>> Do you know of national
media that have had similar--
Oh, yes.
Yes.
Yeah.
I'm not going to name them.
>> What you have now is a
concerted effort between
mainstream media,
social media platforms,
and tech giants to say,
let's gain control back
of the narratives that we
require to make sure that we
can control how people
think about certain topics.
So now you have
this fear driven.
You have this tight
little box of what
the UFO and extraterrestrial
subject is really about,
how it relates to military,
government spending, weapons,
all the sort of
conversations that
are very common
in the mainstream
that people are going to
relate to, that they--
OK, I can piece the
typical dots together.
>> Let me give you
a great example.
If you look at a lot of the
Disclosure Project materials,
which is beyond the
scope of this film,
we identified
dozens of people who
were at intercontinental
ballistic missile
nuclear silos, nuclear weapons
areas, who had had UFOs come in
to those areas surveilling them
and in some cases rendering
those missiles unlaunchable.
Now, most of the men
that were in those silos
have said to me
personally they felt
that these ETs were saying,
please don't blow up
this beautiful planet.
But if you do, if you go to
mutual assured destruction,
the full launch of
nuclear weapons globally,
we can intercept
a lot of them so
that you don't go to a full
extinction level event.
They felt that it was actually
a very hopeful thing that
happened.
Meanwhile, people came
along, took the same data,
the same cases, and spun it
into a national security threat.
One set of facts, two narratives
diametrically opposed.
Opposite.
>> When I got involved in
the issue of the UFO issue
and the ET issue, that started
in 1977 with President Carter.
And I realized that the
work that I was doing
was characterized by the
national security state
as a target for
counterintelligence activities.
When I see this thing happening
with this To The Stars Academy,
where they suddenly appear on
the front page of the "New York
Times", and CNN all of a
sudden wants to talk with them.
And they're on MSNBC and
all this kind of stuff.
I immediately kind of
realized, wait a second.
This is part of what I've
been worried about coming out,
because they were constantly
spinning this story that this
is a threat.
>> My name is Tom DeLonge.
A lot of people know me
from my band blink-182.
I started that
band when I was 16.
>> Through a series of meetings,
I was soon connected to a large
group of US government
officials from the CIA,
the Department of Defense, and
Lockheed Martin Skunk Works.
These guys were
the ones involved
in the secret of US
government programs
that dealt with these subjects.
>> What's happening is To
The Stars Academy people,
who were all-- you know,
Jim Semivan, who's there.
The chief of covert
operations domestic for CIA,
which in and of itself
is totally against law.
You know, the National Security
Act of 1947 completely,
clearly, and unequivocally
prohibits any kind
of covert operations stateside.
But here that's who he is.
And there he is there.
And you got the guys from
the DIA, and the Defense
Department, and Hal Puthoff.
And they're all there.
And what they're
doing is they're
putting this intense spin.
Every single thing
they talk about all
has this kind of gestalt to
it, that this is a threat.
>> And it very well
could be a threat.
>> It's a threat to
our national security.
It's a threat to our air space.
It's a threat to
our sovereignty.
What it is, it's a threat to our
dominion over our own planet.
And of course, they
think that's their job.
Our job is to assert
full spectrum dominance
over the entire planet.
We actually have the
documents from the 1992 United
States Defense Department
Policy Planning
and Guidance document
where they said
that right at the
end of the-- right
at the dissolution
of the Soviet Union.
Said, oh, we've got to not cut
back on our military spending.
We have to increase it so we
can establish full spectrum
dominance over the planet.
And so you know what
their agenda is,
the national security state.
It's not for the defense
of our sovereignty.
>> The danger of
this, of course,
is that this is exactly what
all the fascistic demagogues do
to an innocent target,
whether it be Jews in Germany
or African-Americans
in this country.
They will create sort
of a boogeyman effect
to try to get people
mobilized against.
>> You're one ugly motherfucker.
>> And as one member of
the Royal Family told me,
"we need to do things so that
the public will accept in blood
and treasure the
sacrifices needed to have
an interplanetary war."
I'm quoting.
>> Bombshell CIA documents,
previously published
by the Disclosure Project,
reveal a decades long
psychological warfare campaign
to cultivate a culture of fear
towards extraterrestrials.
>> And it's interesting that
Hollywood and, you know,
the clandestine services
both spend most of their time
convincing people that something
that's not true is, in fact,
true.
I think probably Hollywood
is full of CIA agents,
and we just don't know it.
And I wouldn't be
surprised at all
to discover that this
was extremely common.
>> Intelligence assets within
Hollywood have made billions
of dollars popularizing the
narrative that humanity's first
encounter with ETs will be
a devastating bloodbath.
>> Mister Chambers,
don't get on that ship.
The rest of the book "To
Serve Men", it's a cookbook.
[MUSIC - WAR, "WHY
CAN'T WE BE FRIENDS?"]
Why can't we be friends?
[SCREECHING]
>> Let's go out into space
and look at our planet over
the last 100 years.
World wars.
Hundreds of millions of
people killed in war.
The advent of weapons
of mass destruction.
Our going into space
in a competitive way
with the Soviet Union for the
Apollo projects and others.
The degradation and
destruction of our environment.
Our targeting of
extraterrestrial assets
around the Earth and in space.
And successfully
killing many ETs
and downing their spacecraft.
Out here in Fort
Huachuca in Arizona,
there's an underground
facility where
there are nine different
ET craft that are there
with all the autopsied bodies.
There's a man on
my team who used
to work in that facility
near Tombstone, Arizona,
not coincidentally, perhaps.
>> This footage, captured by
NASA's Discovery space shuttle
on September 15, 1991 shows an
extraterrestrial vehicle dodge
an electronic weapon
fired from Earth.
Here we see the craft
slowly crossing the frame.
There's a bright flash, and then
it makes an abrupt right angle
turn and flies off.
Moments after the turn, we see
the shot fired across space
where the craft had just been.
>> Knowing all that, if they
were hostile in the way we
think of an invading,
hostile force,
that would have been made
abundantly clear to us the day
we detonated the
first atomic bomb.
The fact is they have shown
remarkable restraint, almost
a level of Gandhian pacifism,
not to have pushed back.
So the threat isn't
extraterrestrial.
The threat is covert human.
These secret projects
are an existential threat
to Earth, the environment,
and to our peace
in space and relationship
with these civilizations.
I remember being at Wright
Patterson Air Force base
where a lot of the
Roswell stuff ended up.
And it was the Foreign
Technology division
of the Air Force.
And I was there
to do a briefing.
And the colonel said, well,
what if these civilizations
are a threat?
He was trying to bring
me into that view.
And I said, sir,
with all due respect,
given the galactically stupid
things you have been doing,
if they were a threat,
you would know it by now,
and we would not be
having this conversation
and breathing the
free air of Earth.
It would have been
point, set, match, over.
What are the technologies that
would permit an interstellar
civilization to go from
one star system to another?
And we're not talking about
Elon Musk's SpaceX or the Apollo
rocket.
We're talking
technologically, advances
that are in the hundreds of
thousands to millions of years
past what we have
operating on this planet.
Those technological
breakthroughs,
if they were weaponized
and in the possession
of a hostile force,
would be so devastating
that you could target
a planet and turn it
into a pink mist floating
through the cosmos
if you were a hostile entity.
What I have discovered
in our contact
with these civilizations,
and we have
had many hundreds of contact
experiences with our CE-5 teams
around the world over the last
30 years, is that none of them
are hostile.
But quite a few of them are very
concerned about our hostility,
and are doing things
to try to contain that.
>> But our destiny beyond the
Earth is not only a matter
of national identity, but a
matter of national security.
It is not enough to merely have
an American presence in space.
We must have American
dominance in space.
>> They want to project out
into the stars their dominion.
Our job is to get
people to understand
that that is not what our
mission is as a human species.
We need to lay back, participate
with all other sentient
life in the universe, and
merit a proper position
in the Galactic Federation, not
be the big bully on the block.
>> Counterintelligence efforts
reach a new level of absurdity
with the staging of hoaxed
events like cattle mutilations
and alien abductions.
In 2017, retired Air Force
Intelligence officer Richard
Doty made history when
he admitted on camera
that unacknowledged
special access
projects within the military do
indeed stage alien abductions
to lay the
psychological foundation
for an interplanetary conflict
sometime in the near future.
>> We did do that, yes.
OSI did that.
There was a special group
out of the 7602nd Air Intel
wing at Fort Belvoir that
came out and did that.
They had these people that had
maybe some sort of defects,
anatomical defects, that were
brought in to fool people
into thinking they were aliens.
Yeah.
I can't give you any specifics
because, it's still--
the program is still classified.
And they're probably
still doing it.
I wouldn't doubt that
they were still doing it.
>> This corroborates what
dozens of other insiders have
disclosed to Dr. Greer, but
they're too afraid to testify
on camera.
>> Colonel, you're about to find
out who your alien really is.
>> General Stall?
>> Some years ago, I had a
meeting with the Crown Prince
of Liechtenstein, Hans-Adam
von Liechtenstein.
He had reached out to me
through some of his contacts.
He said, look, Dr.
Greer, we have to meet,
but we can't talk about
this on the phone.
Your efforts to effect
disclosure are noble,
but they will not be
able to be permitted,
and not for the
reasons you think.
I said, well, this
is interesting.
Finally we got together in
New York City in July of 1994.
He said to me, in
1989, a group of us
were trying to do disclosure.
And it involved Gorbachev,
President Bush Senior, himself,
and the UN Secretary
General Perez de Cuellar.
And in the course of us putting
together high level planning
meetings to do this, Perez
de Cuellar, the UN Secretary
General, was "abducted" out
of his limousine in Manhattan.
He was told by the "aliens"
that if they did not
cease and desist
from their plans
to disclose this
information, that every world
leader involved, including the
President of the United States,
would be abducted.
This blew up like an atomic
bomb in the Bush White House,
and it did not go forward.
I said, OK, well, tell me more.
He says, "well, we've
concluded that we
have to prepare the public
for an interplanetary war.
And in doing so,
we can then also
force the return of Christ."
I'm quoting.
And I just listened.
He didn't know that I knew that
the means for that abduction
for Perez de Cuellar were run by
a counterintelligence unit out
of the national security state
that had the technologies
to simulate an alien
craft and aliens,
run completely by
military assets.
And that there was a deeper part
of these unacknowledged special
access projects that were
zooming even people like Bush
Senior, who was
on the committee,
but had lost control of some
of these renegade factions.
This is a very
complicated story.
Perez de Cuellar
being abducted caused
him to stop that process.
It manipulated these leaders
into going onto a war footing.
And he confessed to
me that the reason
he was funding the work
of the abduction groups
was because they wanted
to put information out
to the public that would scare
the public so that people would
make the sacrifice
in blood and treasure
to have an interplanetary war.
Now, this is 25 years ago.
It was not a happy
meeting for me.
>> If there's any one thing
that is going to mobilize people
to allow the national security
state to establish full
spectrum dominance over
our planet, it is this.
The beings themselves,
interestingly
and very importantly, are
putting out their own story.
They're not doing that yet.
They're trying to get
us to understand it.
They're trying to
give us warnings.
They're trying to help raise
our consciousness, which
is a critical part of this
entire operation going on,
and trying to get us to
do this for ourselves.
That's what this-- that's
what this is all about.
But the national
security state realizes
that that's a slower process.
So they're now trying
to hurry this up.
There's a kind of an emergency
process underway right now.
Make no mistake about that.
>> When I was briefing the
director of the Defense
Intelligence Agency, the
very first thing he asked
wasn't about this subject.
He looked at me.
He says, Dr. Greer,
what we don't understand
is why you haven't
killed yourself yet.
He said, well, my dad knew
about some of this way
back in the '60s.
No one would do
anything about it.
So he took his revolver and ate
his gun and blew his head off.
Now, this is a
three-star general
telling me this story
in the first 10 minutes
we're together.
I said, well, I'm sorry
that happened to you.
I understand where your
dad was coming from.
Because it's sort of this--
anyway.
Now, the truth is, there
are a lot of people who've
been on my team who were
military who killed themselves,
others who have
been assassinated.
So the other thing
that keeps me up
is, you know,
survivor guilt. Sorry.
>> This national security
state is the bane of our human
existence right now.
And so we have to
start disassembling
that national security state.
Because, you know,
even assuming, say,
Bernie Sanders, hypothetically,
were to become president.
The national
security state isn't
going to tell him where
the washrooms are.
That whole group is going
to descend upon him,
and they're going to give
him at least as much trouble
as they've given Trump.
>> If you got into the office,
and you found out something
about aliens, if you found
out something about UFOs,
would you let us know?
>> Well, I'll tell you.
My wife would demand
that I let you know.
>> So that's why they want Joe
Biden and Kamala Harris to come
in and kind of, you know, get
things, quote, "back to normal"
where the national security
state is functioning.
They're all operation.
You know, they're all going
to brief Goldman Sachs,
and they're putting
people from Goldman Sachs
in charge of the economy.
You know, that kind of thing.
We have to rise above those
kind of dialectical politics
and bring the people up, raise
the conscious of the people,
and have this function
through democracy.
I mean, we've got
the tools here.
They're in front of us.
And we've got access
to the internet still.
They haven't taken
that away from us yet.
But there's a short window here.
>> One exception to the almost
universal failure of world
governments to initiate peaceful
diplomacy with ET civilizations
took place in France in 2007.
Then-President Sarkozy's
Ministry of Defense
reached out to Dr. Greer to
train its senior officials
in the close encounters of
the fifth kind protocols.
During a covert test run
in the French countryside,
ET craft were tracked
overhead going
200,000 kilometers per hour.
This massive,
mauve-colored craft
partially materialized a
few meters from the group.
Since the operation was swiftly
halted by national security
state interests, it
remains the duty of we,
the people to become peaceful
ambassadors to the universe.
Much like a denial of
service cyber attack
can bottleneck and bring
down a computer network,
millions of people
initiating contact
would completely overwhelm
the national security state's
ability to subvert disclosure.
>> The national
security state people,
in potentially working with
and through the To The Stars
Academy are going to be
pitching this problem.
Say, well, you
know, we can't just
let our whole civilization
know that there is this highly
advanced, technologically
superior society out there,
because our whole
culture will collapse.
Whereas in fact,
it's quite clear
that it's their
defense of the elite,
this 1% of the human family
that basically ends up
controlling over 40%
of all the wealth
on the planet, that
they're really defending.
It is their world that
they're trying to defend.
So that you see that this
is a subset of a larger
question about how spiritual
consciousness and the evolution
of consciousness
of understanding
what we really are in the
makeup of the universe
is a threat in
itself to this elite.
Because that is the
dissolving away of these kind
of differences among ourselves.
And this coming into a full
ownership of our proper place
in the universe puts
these people out
of business as the ruling elite.
And so the raising
of consciousness
of our human family is so
closely related to the opening
onto the extraterrestrial
experience that both of them
together are viewed as
a threat by the elite.
What they're afraid of is that
this is such an accelerator.
As people have these
repeated contacts
with the extraterrestrials,
their whole consciousness
starts to rise.
They start becoming
aware of the fact
that we're damaging
our environment.
They become aware of the fact
that nuclear weapons are kind
of an insane thing to have.
War is a really bad idea.
This is a spiritual experience.
It's a spiritual
stimulation is coming.
>> If you take someone from
Italy and someone from Japan,
very different cultures,
very different people,
personalities, backgrounds,
emotional temperament.
Now extrapolate that
out across the cosmos.
Think of the vast differences
there are going to be.
How do we make any sense
of that if we aren't
anchored into something deeper?
And that point of
commonality has
been folded within each of us.
And that is, we are
awake, conscious beings.
They are awake.
We are awake.
That faculty of being aware of
awareness, the consciousness.
Not what you're conscious of,
but the means to be awake.
That is a singularity.
And once we're anchored into
that state of consciousness,
the unitive state, then
there aren't any aliens.
There are just other people who
are a little different from us.
This is the point where we
can make contact most easily.
When I looked at "Close
Encounters of the Third Kind",
I said, well, somebody
knows what's going on here.
Because it had a lot to
do with the telepathy,
the sort of dreams
people had that led them
to the Devils Tower in Wyoming.
All of this.
And I then found out that
Spielberg had actually
had a man, Jay Allen Hynek,
who was head of Project Blue
Book for the Air Force, who was
the chief consultant who opened
up files for him so he
could make that movie almost
like a docudrama.
>> In 2011, a CE-5 group at
Joshua Tree National Park
successfully contacted an
entire flotilla of ET craft.
In the unprocessed
night vision footage,
we see what appears to
be two distinct craft.
But image enhancements
reveal that these
are two parts of a
superstructure or mother
ship surrounded by an
entire fleet of ET vehicles.
How is this possible?
It is not possible to simply
crowbar extraterrestrials
into our traditional, relatively
primitive, view of reality.
In order to make
sense of things,
and, indeed, in order to make
contact, we have to pause
and readdress our assumptions
about the very nature
of reality.
This is an essential
reflection which
reveals that the mystery
of extraterrestrials
is but a signpost that
points to a far more
profound and intimate secret,
one with the power to transform
us and the cosmos forever.
>> One day, I went
to my mailbox,
and I got out a little flyer.
And it said we're inviting
you to a meeting with Ben
Rich, the chairman and
CEO of Lockheed Skunk
Works, former UCLA alumni.
He'll be speaking to
the engineering alumni
group about his time
at the Skunk Works.
So as he was finishing his
talk after about 45 minutes,
his last slide was a black disk
zipping off into outer space.
And he ended the talk
by saying, we now
have the technology
to take ET home.
And the whole room
burst out laughing.
We said, did he just say that?
And as he was walking
away, I followed him.
And I said, Ben, Ben.
He turned around
and looked at me.
And I said, Ben.
I said, I'm really fascinated
with what you had to say today.
And I said, I'd really
love to know how these
craft-- how we would do it.
What would we use
to get to the stars?
He looked at me, trying to
figure out who I was, I think,
and he said, well, let
me ask you a question.
How does ESP work?
And I was really taken
aback, because frankly, I
was asking a question.
I wasn't expecting
get a question back.
So the first thing that
popped in my mind was
all points in space
and time are connected.
So I fired that
answer back to him.
I don't know.
All points in space
and time are connected.
He said, that's how it works.
He turned around
and he walked away.
>> This astonishing admission
from a top military industrial
complex insider proves to
be much more than a simple
analogy.
The physics of UFOs, how
they travel and communicate
through interstellar distances,
how they generate power,
how they're manufactured,
is beyond the grasp
of unclassified
mainstream science.
Instead, a model of reality
that accounts for ESP
is the only model in
which we can begin
to comprehend ET technology.
>> If you're traveling
beyond the speed of light,
I call it the crossing
point of light,
it's like beyond
the sound barrier.
Well, there's something
beyond the light barrier.
And you're going from,
say, the Andromeda galaxy,
that's 2 and 1/2 million
light years away.
So at the speed
of light, it would
take 2 and 1/2 million
years for them to get here.
The speed of light is too slow.
You cannot go from point A to
B through the cosmos through
a linear system
of transportation.
Moreover, you cannot communicate
through those distances with
something at the speed of light,
which is what your cell phone
and all these radio frequency
electromagnetic communication
devices we use now
on Earth, are using.
Any civilization
that is here that is
interstellar by definition
is transdimensional.
They're passing through
other dimensions
and dropping out of linearity
and going from A to B,
boom, almost like
a teleportation,
where it's that resonant
effect from point A to B.
Any communications systems
that these ETs have
are also going at the speed
of not light, but of thought.
Quanta of thought.
We think of
consciousness and thought
as this sort of amorphous,
irrelevant, interesting but
mystical thing.
But the central operating
system and communication system
for all interstellar
civilizations
is consciousness and
thought and technologies
that interface with them.
>> God, prana, chi,
magic, consciousness.
Every culture throughout
history has had a word
to describe this intangible
energy that connects
everyone and everything.
Decades of laboratory
studies show
that our minds have a
mysterious ordering effect
on quantum level phenomena.
Despite overwhelming
scientific evidence,
most people would
still be shocked
to learn that certain scientists
have known that the force is
real for a very long time.
>> One of the people that I
met in the course of doing this
work was astronaut
Edgar Mitchell,
who was the sixth man
to walk on the moon.
>> We had sightings
of all sorts.
There seems to have been a great
deal of secrecy surrounding
a so-called UFO event.
>> He had an
experience in space,
an expanded state
of consciousness,
that led him to form the
Institute of Noetic Sciences
to study the science
of consciousness.
I also brought him
to the briefing
I did in 1997 with the
head of intelligence
for the Joint Chiefs of
Staff Admiral Tom Wilson.
The data on that has
since leaked out.
Edgar Mitchell realized
there was this connection
between space and these
extraterrestrial life forms
and the science of
consciousness that
was very integral to the study.
Most of the people
that I have met
with in senior science, NASA,
aerospace, and intelligence
community figures know that
the key missing ingredient
note of most people's
understanding of the whole UFO
phenomenon is the
science of consciousness.
The ETs are trying to
encourage people to understand
higher consciousness
and universal mind
to be able to have a
relationship with them that's
going forward into the future.
And Edgar Mitchell realized
that quite early on because
of his own personal experience
out in space as the sixth man
to walk on the moon.
>> What's the nature of
the universe we live in?
What is our relationship
to the larger reality?
If that's a part of the larger
reality, and we're denying it,
that to me is unconscionable.
>> "I theorize that there is
a spectrum of consciousness
available to human beings.
At one end is material
consciousness.
At the other end is what we
call field consciousness, where
a person is at one
with the universe,
perceiving the universe.
Just by looking at our
planet on the way back,
I saw or felt a field
consciousness state."
Dr. Edgar Mitchell.
>> We've thought for a long time
that the closer we could look
at the operations of cells
in our body and our brains,
the closer we'd come to finding
the location of consciousness.
And while there's
been fantastic work
at mapping neural connections
and understanding more and more
about the brain and memory, what
we find is that we still don't
know where consciousness is.
>> Adam Michael Curry is an
inventor and entrepreneur whose
groundbreaking work as a
teenager caught the eye
of Princeton's Dean of
Engineering, Dr. Robert Jahn.
Dr. Jahn recruited Adam into the
Princeton Engineering Anomalies
Research Lab, where they studied
the mysterious ordering effect
of consciousness on quantum
systems, an effect they
called mind-matter interaction.
>> Now, a non localized picture
is the picture of consciousness
on which we're converging
now, which is to say that
consciousness does not seem
to be strictly produced
by the brain.
It involves the brain,
but there's something
much deeper going on here.
Consciousness may not be
localized to our bodies,
but maybe a fundamental
feature of the physical world
in which we live.
>> "The universe looks less
like a big machine than a big
thought."
Dr. Dean Radin, Chief Scientist,
Institute of Noetic Sciences.
>> Consciousness, this faculty
of being sentient, awake,
is not limited to our
brainwaves or our bodies,
but in fact transcends
the limits of space time,
this unbounded
field of awareness.
And that is true whether
you recognize it or not.
Interestingly, it doesn't matter
if you intellectualize it.
That is the reality
of it that has
been proven through scientific
studies, such as Dr. Jahn's
work at Princeton where
they would have people put
their awareness on a random
number generator that's
spitting out zeros
and ones randomly,
and would intend to shift
it, say, towards zeros,
and it would shift without
any linear wires, just
their thought.
>> Essentially what a random
number generator does is it
looks at something intrinsically
random in the physical world,
typically a quantum process.
And it converts those into
a string of ones and zeros.
So you can think of it kind
of like a coin flip, where
heads is one and tails is zero.
Now, if you collect a
large enough sample size,
you find a 50-50 distribution
of these ones and zeros,
meaning physical reality is
behaving the way it should.
Well, if you get somebody
in front of a machine
and you ask them to
use their intention
to mean shift the thing to
more ones or more zeros,
what you find is that there's,
not all the time, but often
a significant mean shift in the
direction of their intention.
And that's a very
simple experiment.
But the implications
are absolutely profound.
That suggests that, in
fact, consciousness does not
seem to be just an illusion or
just a localized phenomenon,
but that it does have
some sort of capabilities
to affect the probabilities at
the deepest layer of reality
down in the basement layer
in the quantum world somehow.
>> "In this flow, mind and
matter are not separate
substances.
Rather, they are
different aspects
of one whole and
unbroken movement."
Dr. David Bohm, physicist.
>> The best way to understand
nonlocality is to understand
that in both physics
and in consciousness,
there is a connection that
exists amongst all things,
from photons to
people to awareness,
that isn't limited by
space and time per se,
that are woven
within each other.
Dr. Emoto, the
Japanese scientist,
began to experiment
with water and people
putting their
intent on the water.
And he did
photography that would
show these different
crystalline structures.
If it was a very
negative emotion,
the crystals would
be all dissonant.
But when it was highly
order conscious, or love,
the structures were these
beautiful ordered structures
that he would photograph.
And this was repeated
by other scientists.
Water has a
crystalline component,
but it's also tied into-- like
all matter in space and time
in the universe-- to this
consciousness force field.
If you enter into just a
quiet state of consciousness
and intend something
very positive,
it literally altered the
structure of the water itself.
>> Nonlocality is au
courant with modern physics.
Schrodinger talked about
nonlocality and entanglement
in the 1920s, but it
really wasn't until 1970
that Freedman and
Clauser at Berkeley
discovered that photons born
together like identical twins
can move off into the
distance from one another.
And you grab one twin, and
you change the polarization
of the other, even though
they're very, very far apart.
And the lingo describing
this in modern physics
is we would say they're
entangled with one another.
There was an
unpublished experiment
that we did at the PEAR Lab,
which we called Plant RNG.
You have a room with no windows.
And you have a house plant
that needs light to grow.
You have a single growing
light up on the roof.
The growing light can turn
in one of four quadrants,
and which quadrant
that light is showing
is controlled by a
random number generator.
So you put the plant in
one corner of the room.
The light has an equal
chance of shining in all four
coordinates, but you
give it enough time,
and what you find is
the light actually
shines far more often
on the plant than
on the other coordinates.
It's as though life itself,
even life or consciousness
in something as
simple as a house
plant, bends probabilities
in the physical world
in the direction
of what it needs,
in the direction of its
growth and its evolution.
I see that experiment
as profound,
because it shows to
me what consciousness
does in the world.
>> How could ESP work?
Does ESP violate any physics?
First of all, you can't
violate the laws of physics.
Not like going
through a stop sign.
If you have a
phenomenon, physics
has to change to agree
with your phenomena.
>> The biggest interest
in classified intelligence
projects has to do with the
science of consciousness,
because even during the Cold
War and before, World War Two,
they realized that there
were people on the other side
of some of those conflicts that
were very adept at what's now
called remote viewing, the
ability to use consciousness
to spy on a remote place.
These programs began to
be studied scientifically,
and then routinized,
made routine,
in the intelligence community
back in the '40s, '50s, '60s.
>> You could say my spiritual
development was paid
for by the CIA, a very
unusual situation.
>> In 1972, Dr. Russell Targ, a
laser physicist at the Lockheed
Missile and Space Company,
joined the Stanford Research
Institute to begin a CIA-funded
psychic espionage program using
remote viewing to gather
intelligence on distant
targets.
>> So we had a 20-year program
at Stanford in which we worked
with the CIA to describe
what the Russians,
what the Chinese were doing.
And we were
forecasting on a Monday
whether the market would go up
or down the following Friday.
And we made nine forecasts
like that nine weeks in a row,
and they were all correct.
We made $120,000, and on the
front page of the "Wall Street
Journal."
So back in 1982, when we were
making money on Wall Street,
ESP was real.
>> "Everyone who is seriously
interested in the pursuit
of science becomes convinced
that a spirit is manifest
in the laws of the universe, a
spirit vastly superior to man,
and one in the face of which
our modest powers must seem
humble."
Albert Einstein.
>> We didn't invent
remote viewing.
It was known since
biblical times.
The Buddhists spoke
in very great detail
about how to quiet your
mind, look into the future,
and if you're an
accomplished meditator,
you were expected to be able
to see into the distance,
see into the future, heal the
sick, and diagnose illnesses.
And various times during
the next millennia,
people would discover
that, yes, indeed, you
can look into the future.
You can look into the distance.
And our operation
from 1972 to 1995,
23 years, our venture into
this was a rediscovery,
a recapitulation of what
people had known and forgotten
during the previous millennia.
>> Religious traditions and the
emerging scientific paradigm
are converging on this personal
experience of universal
consciousness.
Dr. Greer first
glimpsed this reality
during a near-death experience
when he was only 17 years old.
>> If you've died, and you
know there is no death,
then you have no fear of it.
And until you have no fear of
death, you really can't live.
I realized that the
consciousness whereby
I was awake, that drop of
my individual awareness,
could merge with the ocean
of unbounded cosmic mind.
So that experience
taught me that there's
nothing to be afraid of.
And there's nowhere to go,
because you're already there.
You just have to open to what's
already there within you.
This liberated me in a way
that I can't even imagine.
It is true liberation.
Now, you don't have to drop dead
like I did to have that happen.
I think you can experience
that through this deeper
experience in meditation.
And that's why, after I had
that near-death experience,
I sought out, how do
I get back to there
without being deathly ill?
And so I began to learn
how to do meditation,
because the whole
universe is actually
folded within every
single conscious being.
It's like a quantum hologram.
But if you look at it,
every single sentient being
in the cosmos has folded
within the structure
of their consciousness the
entirety of the cosmos.
Everything.
Which is why, within these
deep quiet meditative states,
you can obtain knowledge,
see places, know things,
communicate.
Because in reality,
it's always there.
You just have to get into a
quiet state of consciousness
where it opens to.
>> "Dost thou reckon thyself
only a puny form when within
thee, the universe is folded?
Baha'i teachings.
>> And so I began to be a
student of the ancient Vedas.
What I learned was that
they had a really excellent
articulation, explanation,
of consciousness,
the science of consciousness,
higher states of consciousness,
and their effect.
Now, their effect are known
as siddhis, S-I-D-D-H-I-S.
For example, the
ability to levitate,
teleport, dematerialize,
rematerialize, bilocate,
trilocate, go through
solid objects.
These were all things
that develop spontaneously
as you enter into deeper
and deeper and higher
states of consciousness.
Precognition.
Telepathy.
>> And these were not
considered exotic phenomena.
These were considered
abilities that
were available to the
experienced meditators
as part of quieting your
mind, part of the practice.
And that's all available.
>> We have to participate in
consciously evolving these
faculties that we have that can
directly experience dimensions
of reality that at the present
time are out beyond our direct,
immediate sensorial system.
That's what we're engaged in.
That's what this is all about.
And that's what
these beings are.
These beings obviously--
they probably
come from, like, a red
dwarf star, some of them,
where they've been around 10
billion years longer than we
have.
So they've evolved these
other faculties in addition
to being able to see and
touch and taste and do
the things they do, you know?
And so people are saying,
what is our relationship
to these beings?
Why is it that they even look
as much as they do like us?
Or why we look like them?
These are all profoundly
important questions
of our relationship
with other sentient
life in the universe and
to understand our place
in the order of things.
>> When you accept what
the science is showing us,
that we are all connected,
and you then say, well,
hold on a second.
If we're not just connected
with human beings,
well, we're also connected
with the plant life,
with the planet itself, with
the entire animal kingdom.
And you begin to develop
that deeper sense of empathy
with all that.
Who's to say that that
interconnectedness doesn't
extend to all the other
planets and to the cosmos?
If we share that with
extraterrestrials,
what does that world look like?
>> If consciousness and
thought can affect something
at a distance, and at
a very great distance,
even many miles or thousands
of miles away, instantaneously,
what does that mean for
us communicating with
a civilization that is
centered in the science
of consciousness?
And that is their
chief operating system.
It's not electromagnetic.
They use it, but
it's beyond that.
So now, add to everything
we know about the internet
and communications and telecom.
And then add a deeper level
of transdimensional physics
that involve electronic
devices very clearly picking up
intended coherent thought.
That's what you're dealing with.
It's like Dr. Jahn's
random number generator
experiment on a cosmic scale.
But at a level of
perfection where
there's precision with the
thought that you project to it,
it's reception, and
then its activity.
Interstellar
civilizations are using
consciousness-assisting
technologies, and technologies
that assist their own
consciousness both,
in all their travel and
communication systems.
The central operating system
for any interstellar competent
civilization is the
science of consciousness
and all the physics
that go with that.
>> We can see an early example
of consciousness technology
in the Mind Lamp
developed by Psyleron.
This prototype integrates
a random number generator
into a color changing light.
Think of a color, and the
lamp turns that color.
>> Oh, that's what I
actually was doing.
First I was doing sunset.
>> Oh, cool.
>> This basic interface
between mind and machine points
to a deep interconnection
between all things that science
is only beginning to recognize.
It's
>> The means for us as a
civilization to be anchored
in something more profound
than the superficial aspects
of being, say, human.
Because humanism isn't
enough, because we're dealing
with non-human life forms.
Now we have to
transcend even humanism
and our common
humanity into this idea
that there has to be something
more universal within us that's
also within these
extraterrestrial civilizations
that bind us together.
And luckily, there is.
It's this field of consciousness
that is cosmic and universal.
And that's what's
inside everyone.
It doesn't matter if it's a
homeless person on the street,
or an MIT professor.
If they are conscious and awake,
the entirety of the cosmos
is folded within them like a
conscious quantum hologram,
because consciousness isn't
limited by space and time.
People will say,
where do I have to go?
Well, first you have
to go within yourself.
But you have to understand
what your self is.
And there's your
individual ego and self,
but there's this deeper
aspect of ourselves that
is simultaneously interwoven.
And when we go deep in
meditation and connect to that,
then we have reached
the point that we
can be an ambassador
to the universe,
because we have
become universal.
>> "In our time, this search
for extraterrestrial life will
eventually change our laws, our
religions, our philosophies,
our arts, our recreations,
as well as our sciences.
Space, the mirror, waits for
life to come look for itself
there."
Ray Bradbury.
>> Once this question mark is
introduced into your brain,
you start searching out answers.
It was like kind of
the Dreyfuss character
in "Close Encounters".
You want to know what's
really behind the screen?
Because we're not
being told this.
And, you know, we
do have the ability
to change life for the
better on this planet,
but we're being
suppressed, and we're
being stopped from doing it
for a variety of reasons, most
of which are greed motivated.
So we went out to Oracle,
and sure enough, I mean,
we did these protocols.
And we got into meditation,
which is something
I want to learn about more.
And, you know, things
started to appear.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Wow.
Oh, no.
>> Just-- just--
>> Oh, and it's fading out.
>> Yeah.
It just went away.
>> It just faded out.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Oh, it's back.
>> It's back?
>> Yeah.
>> Right here.
>> It just went out again.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The steps of this are as
you sit in quiet consciousness.
And you don't have to have a
full on samadhi or whatever,
but just in quiet consciousness
connect to that aspect
of your mind that is unbounded.
And then intend to
sense, feel, see,
know where the ET craft is.
And it could be
in another galaxy.
Connect to those
beings, politely
invite them to
come and visit you.
And then you connect to
the communication systems
and their consciousness,
which are integrated.
And you show them where you are.
So you kind of zoom in.
And it's almost like
a vectoring, a zooming
in from wherever they
are to where you are.
Let's say if you're
in North Carolina,
you're coming in to Earth.
You're coming in to North
America, the East Coast,
the mountains, the Blue Ridge.
Zoom, down to a
few square meters
around where you are
where you clearly
show them where you are.
And you do this in
a coherent thought
sequence that is continuous.
>> Look at that.
What is it?
>> I got it.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> Oh.
>> Wow.
>> It's very easy to do once
you practice it for a while.
The key thing is to first take
about half an hour to meditate.
Go into quiet mind, then
sense where they are,
and then invite them.
Well, people say, oh,
you're calling them.
I say, well, no,
it's not like that.
You're actually making
contact in consciousness
and thought before they
arrive in their craft
or transdimensionally
around you.
And when the ETs approach
us most profoundly
is when everyone in the
team is in a coherent state
of consciousness and are clearly
doing this with the intent.
>> This cohesion with a group,
this meditation being part
of making contact,
which I had no idea.
Even though I'm looking
at your YouTube videos,
that component didn't resonate.
It was-- my scientific
brain said, well,
I'm going to go look at UFOs.
What happens in these groups
is a coherence between,
a bond between the group.
And when there's a love
and a connection there,
it enhances the part
of making contact,
because we're together.
We're one.
There's, like, a fine love
there between all of us.
The second or third night
we had the twin ships
come from the Atlantic Ocean.
9:00, 10:00 at night, here's all
of a sudden this ship comes in
and it's, like,
the size of a sun.
And it's pulsing.
And Dr. Greer, you signal
it with your laser.
And then a second one manifests.
And they're both pulsing.
At that point, my
hair is standing up.
I have the chills.
I'm going, this is amazing.
I'm like-- to actually
witness something
firsthand as opposed to
seeing in television,
or seeing photographs,
it's mind blowing.
For me, it was so
profound, I was--
I couldn't sleep that night.
I was just amazed.
But the amazement was
not that I saw it.
And actually, I needed that,
because I have that mindset.
But the feeling you got.
I got this incredible feeling.
You know, you have
these two ships,
and then, I can't explain it.
It's just an emotional state.
And I was so taken by it.
>> Once you see something
you can't unsee it.
It sort of shattered my
small view of the world.
And I became aware.
>> Learning the protocols and
making this kind of contact has
really helped me move
up a notch, spiritually.
I really feel that it's
helped me to really see
the oneness in all things.
When you're sitting
under a blanket of stars,
you're really part of it.
I mean, it's you feel your
little drop in that huge ocean.
Sorry, it's emotional.
You have to experience it,
but I wish for everybody
to have that opportunity.
>> "Mind is a wave of
the ocean of being."
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi.
>> When I first started
out, it was shocking.
The first few orbs I
saw, the phenomena I saw
changed my entire paradigm.
The first sighting was an
incredible triangle formation
of three golden spears
over my apartment
in Newport Beach, California.
I ran outside and saw this
formation right above my house
at close range.
And I managed to
capture it on film.
As I put the lens
on it, I saw they
were three perfect
golden spears, all
holding this incredible
formation over my apartment.
The longer I filmed, the more
maneuvers they demonstrated.
And it was clear the objects
were under intelligent control.
It was Christmas
morning, December 2016.
I was on my porch
having coffee when
I saw this incredible
double-staged orb flying
through the air.
I was following
this object upward,
and it went right
up like it was going
to pass out of my line of
sight when I asked the object,
please, turn back around.
I didn't want the
experience to end.
Amazingly, it stopped,
changed direction, then
headed back downward.
That was truly profound to
me that I could meditate,
send my thought
into the universe,
and then have a visual
response in the sky
to confirm that we are
interacting with each other.
That says something
about the nature of mind,
the nature of the
phenomenon itself,
and the power of our own
consciousness to interact.
In October 2018, we had
the biggest sighting
I've seen yet in Long
Beach, California.
My girlfriend and I
were in the backyard
when we saw this huge
white object in the sky.
This was different than most
of the normal orbs I film.
This object was elongated
and almost looked
like a moving portal in the sky.
Amazingly, once I
got the camera on it,
an incredible triangle
formation of orbs
shot out of this main object,
and I captured it on film.
You can hear how excited I am
in the film to see this again,
this triangle formation
for the third time.
Whoa.
What the fuck is that thing?
Wow.
Holy shit.
I continued to film the
object as it traversed
across the sky, when
suddenly it started
ejecting a series of these
smaller orbs, 50 smaller
objects and counting.
Strangely, I could only
see the smaller orbs
on my infrared camera.
They were not visible
to the naked eye.
It goes to show you how much
is flying around in the sky
that we can't see.
>> About six months after I had
the near-death experience and I
began learning meditation, I
was sitting up on a mountain up
in North Carolina.
And right before
sunset, I looked over
towards the southwest, and
I saw a beautiful silver
disk, seamless.
Close encounter
of the first kind.
It looked exactly
like the ET craft
I'd seen when I was
eight or nine when
I was a child in North
Carolina, which actually ignited
my interest in all of this.
So I said, oh,
well, they're back.
I didn't think
much more about it.
So I sat to meditate.
And I went into this
very deep meditation.
By the time I came
out of the meditation,
it was very pitch dark, and
there was the whole Milky Way
galaxy was above my head.
And a thought was sent into me.
It was very clear.
It wasn't my random thought
or a hallucination at all.
And it said behold what
a beautiful universe
God has made.
And with that, I went right
into the state of consciousness
that I was in in the
near-death experience,
except now I'm awake and
standing on the mountain.
And at that instant,
I became aware
that there was sort of
a glow, an energy field
right below the peak
and through the forest.
I thought it was a deer
standing on its hind legs.
And it had these
beautiful deer-like eyes.
And I went, what
is that doing here?
You know?
And I realized it wasn't a deer.
And it actually appeared and
then dematerialized, came over
and touched me on
the right shoulder.
But I could sense its energy
field was still there.
It was phasing in and out
of 3D and the near dimension
of astral energy.
And when it touched
my right shoulder,
I could actually see
my ski jacket indent.
And all my hair stood on end.
It was like this
electromagnetic pulse.
And I had long hair,
and it sort of, ding.
At that instant, I vanished off
the mountaintop onto the ship.
And then we were, bang,
almost instantly out in space.
So at that point, I stayed
in this meditative state
and was teaching
the ETs what it was
like to be in that
state of consciousness
but also be a boy, a
young man, on Earth.
They were very
interested in this.
And then we kind of merged
together in our meditation,
and I created with
them this protocol
for making contact with them.
>> Two years later, Dr.
Greer attempted to recreate
the experience during a
meditation teacher training
course in the French Alps,
resulting in the first mass
witness CE-5.
>> What we experienced in
France was really life-changing
for me.
It was the summer
of 1975, and that
was the year we both turned 20.
When we were in
teacher training,
it was very intensive.
You were meditating,
doing yoga, listening
to endless tapes of Maharishi.
>> So I did a deep meditation,
went into this state,
and could sense where in
space these ET craft were,
connected to them,
introduced myself by name,
and then vectored them like
you would vector a jet into JFK
airport.
>> All of a sudden,
right out of nowhere,
appeared a metallic silent
tetrahedron-shaped silver ship.
It just appeared.
And I said, what is that, Steve?
There was no sound.
And it was just suspended
in the air and then gone.
And there was just
the blue sky again.
>> It will happen if you do
it with just a pure state
of innocence about it.
And that's when I realized
that this can actually
be done with groups of people.
And I just filed that away.
>> Snoopy 2, if you would, turn
toward the tower and show me
your lights so I can look
over that way with glasses.
>> Snoopy 2, roger.
We got, uh, I don't know
where they got to now.
There was two of them.
They were low and then they
went to about 4,000 foot
and started circling.
There was two of them.
No navigation lights
at all on them.
>> In 1977, Dr. Greer discovered
how precisely he could vector
ETs to a specific location.
Upon reconnecting
with those beings,
using the CE-5
protocols, he showed
them his location in the
Blue Ridge mountains,
but first directed them to
where he was born and raised
in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Then he went to sleep.
>> Two objects
over the Coliseum.
Yeah, I do have something.
I got a Cessna out
there eastbound.
I don't know what
the other one is.
>> Negative.
You've got two of 'em out here.
They keep circling.
>> Unbeknownst to him, that
attempt to initiate contact
precipitated a major sighting
over Charlotte involving pilots
and air traffic control.
An insider has leaked the FAA
traffic control tapes that
corroborated the encounter.
>> Snoopy 2, you know something?
I'm not seeing the
target right now.
>> Negative, Roger.
We've got something
out here flying around.
I don't believe in saucers,
but it ain't an aircraft.
I don't know what it is.
>> What I experienced
was that I'm awakened,
and there's this kind of
beautiful cobalt blue ship,
maybe 20 feet above the
ground outside my window,
the bedroom window.
This wakes up my housemate,
who's in the bedroom
adjacent to mine.
He comes running out and
says, what did you do?
And the lesson from that was
the specificity of the vector.
In other words, I
was very specific.
I vectored them
first to Charlotte,
showed them where Charlotte was.
The epicenter of where
all this was going on
was over the part of Charlotte
where I was born and all that.
And then guided them
from there up here.
And I think what
they were saying
to me is we can be very
specific with instructions,
and we'll show you that.
It was a teachable moment.
And I sort of felt like I really
shouldn't do this unless I
have some higher purpose to.
>> Sounds like a
close encounter.
>> Snoopy 2, Roger.
>> In 1990, he formed
the Center for the Study
of Extraterrestrial Intelligence
to disseminate the CE-5
protocols and establish peaceful
and sustainable relations with
ET life forms.
Two years later, Dr.
Greer and his team
went up to Woodborough
hill in Wiltshire, England.
There, they
visualized and thought
a geometric pattern symbolizing
the trilogy of components
that make up the CE-5 protocols;
thought, light, and sound.
Immediately, this crop circle
appeared in the field nearby.
>> So some of these
civilizations that
we're interacting with on
our teams are in the order
of a billion years
beyond our development.
And all those beings
in that civilization
are in a state of
unity consciousness
that is so enlightened
that they could
be confused with, say,
an angel or something.
But they're not.
They're not from-- they're ETs
with star systems and planets
and bodies, but their
level of consciousness
would be at the level of, say,
the highest spiritual realm.
There's a precise correlation
to the kind of technology
that you will observe and
the level of consciousness
that civilization has attained.
Let's take our own civilization.
We're mostly still
separate people,
and we are operating through a
reductionist separate paradigm.
We're also still very
violent and destructive.
So let's look at
our technologies.
Oil, we're burning something
and destroying the air.
Nuclear power, we're
splitting and tearing apart
an atom to create heat to turn
a turbine to create electricity.
Coal, we're digging stuff
up and destroying mountains
and then burning this
stuff in a fiery furnace.
It's all very destructive.
And so our technologies are a
corollary to our inner state
of consciousness.
>> In 1964, Soviet astronomer
Nikolai Kardashev proposed
a hypothetical
scale of measuring
a civilization's level of
technological advancement based
on the amount of energy
they're able to utilize.
A level I civilization,
also called
a planetary civilization,
can use and store
all the energy
available on its planet.
>> At that point, their main
focus becomes the development
of higher states
of consciousness.
Because they have all the
technologies to meet everyone's
needs, there's no shortage.
Their economic system is
non-economic in the sense
that there is infinite
abundance for everyone,
because of these technologies
that can materialize things out
of the substrate of spacetime,
the elementals of spacetime.
So at that point, a civilization
becomes really focused
on the development of higher
states of consciousness.
And as they evolve
in consciousness,
their technologies
evolve with them.
They will begin to then unfurl
the mysteries of consciousness
and the siddhis I mentioned
earlier in the Vedas.
But those get applied
technologically,
which include levitation,
teleportation,
dematerialization, bilocation,
where the same object can
be instantly resonantly created
and be in two places at once.
We've had this
happen on our team.
>> "As water by cooling and
condensation becomes ice,
so thought by condensation
assumes physical form.
Everything in the universe
is thought in material form."
Paramahansa Yogananda.
>> I like this story of this
Lockheed Skunk Works top secret
witness who defected.
He was trying to learn a
technique to go into meditation
but then astrally project.
And he did.
And he went up out of his body
with his astral body of light,
went up into the air,
and slammed right
into the side of
an ET spacecraft.
Well, what he
couldn't understand
was that when he bumped
up against the ET
spacecraft with his astral
body, the body all of you--
when you have a lucid dream, and
you're flying over the water,
or flying over--
that is your body of light.
The same thing when you have
a near-death experience.
You go in your body of light.
Well, his astral body hit
the side of this craft.
And it rocked it.
And then he popped inside.
The ETs were looking
at him like, my god.
Why don't you watch
where you're going?
Cosmic faux pas.
But he moved the ship.
He says, how did my astral
body move that ET spacecraft?
I said, because the density of
that spacecraft, resonantly,
energetically, was identical
to your astral body.
Because with the naked eye,
it was shifted out of 3D
into this dimension that is
increasingly conscious energy
and conscious forms.
And since like can
interface with like,
your density of your
astral body and that craft,
because it was
shifted to that level,
it could interact with it.
Now, had it been a 3D craft
that had stepped down,
like a Transformer,
stepped down into full 3D,
he would have gone
straight through it.
Because the density would
have been different.
The resonant field interface
would have been different.
And when I explained
that to him, he said,
now I understand so
many things that have
happened between me and ETs.
>> The great thing about CE-5
is it's anything but remote.
It is true contact.
>> Oh, Steve, look.
>> Oh my God.
>> That was great.
>> Not a shooting star.
>> Whoa.
>> During a CE-5 expedition
at Mount Shasta, Dr.
Greer and his team were in
contact with an interstellar
object and its occupants in
the field in front of them.
Suddenly, this light ship
lifted off from the ground
and turned left, phasing
in and out of 3D space
time before vanishing
in clear skies.
This was visible to the naked
eye for everyone present.
>> You know, Dr. Greer says our
first interest is an academic
interest.
And in my case, that
was how I got into this.
But very quickly after that,
it changes to a heart, mind,
and soul connection that is
really a very powerful driving
force in your life.
And it's important to go
from the academic interest
to the experience level.
And that's what
happens very quickly.
You make this transition
to an experience
of this new lifestyle,
this new understanding
of our place in the universe.
We wanted to take
action, because it's
important to not only learn
about this academically,
but then to take action on it.
>> It was very
empowering for me,
because I felt like they helped
to let us know that we are
on the right path, and that
we have the power to make
a change.
>> It changes you completely.
It changes your heart.
And then your
entire life changes.
All things from that point
forward are possible.
>> I have a friend in Holland.
Her name's Linda.
And she has some very amazing
footage that she's captured.
>> At first, I came from
Hessdalen, that's Norway,
where you have a lot
of activity there.
I wanted to go to bed, and
something said, no, you
have to go outside.
I'm putting my
camera up, and then I
said, OK, if you're there,
can you just fly by and stop?
So a craft came at very fast
speed, and bloop, stopped.
And then, OK, and flew away.
>> This is amazing.
It'll stop, turn left,
turn right, move around
at all kinds of angles.
And she's had multiple
events like this happen.
>> What will be evident in
that footage is what she has
actually asked for them to do.
So I know there's
one case where she
has told me herself that
they have produced a V shape.
And she requested
that in consciousness.
>> So I looked up, and suddenly
something appeared in front
of me.
And then I said, are you there?
And then they come out.
They've divided theirselves in
six balls and then three balls.
And there were lots
of other lights.
>> We see this quite often,
but it's very unusual to get it
on video.
And this is why it's
a fantastic example
of the kind of maneuverability
that these spacecraft can make.
>> I really do love it when
people get things like that,
and they can show people
that are new to the subject,
because it's really inspiring.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
It's late and I'm awake
staring at the wall.
Open up my window, head
floats out the door.
No one else around, but
a shimmer takes my eye.
I lift my head,
blinded by the sky.
Feel my way in front,
following the sound.
It moves away so fast.
Fall into the ground.
I know it wants to come,
jump back to my feet.
Now I only see ahead of me
chasing down the street.
Down the street.
>> I do want to know--
>> There's a first
for everything.
>> What do aliens look like?
>> All right, well,
the one, for example,
that healed this man's
hearing who is in our circle,
sort of very triangular head,
about 5 and 1/2 feet tall.
The photograph of
it is beautiful,
but the experience that this
man had was more beautiful.
>> I had a great experience
at Oracle and ended up having
a healing experience.
>> We did these protocols,
and we got into meditation.
And things started to appear.
And we're photographing
it, and we're seeing it,
and we're watching it
and we're looking around.
And everyone's
mouths are wide open.
A lot of times, these craft,
they pop in and out so fast
that to try and capture
them on a telephoto lens
is next to impossible.
>> While in deep meditation,
they heard a being walking
behind them, phasing in
and out of 3D space time.
Marconi adjusts his camera
to shoot in the direction
that Dr. Greer pointed.
All of a sudden,
a teardrop-shaped
transdimensional
object materialized
between Ed Moen and a medical
student, which was witnessed
by most of the circle.
>> We reviewed my photos
from that particular time,
and there on the hillside,
standing behind a man named Ed
Moen, was this being that
everyone was like, whoa,
what is this.
>> This being has a
very triangular face,
and has been seen on a
number of our expeditions.
And they are known
as master healers.
>> Ed couldn't-- he wore
hearing aids in both ears and he
couldn't hear half the things
people were saying to him.
>> I had hearing loss
from high school.
I would avoid parties and social
settings where lots of people
would gather together, because
it was uncomfortable not
to be able to hear.
I got to my room, and I felt
this draw to go back out there.
So I got up and walked out.
And I saw this red light out
in the middle of the desert,
about 300 feet away or so.
I connected with it right away.
I could feel it.
I knew that it was aware of
me, and that it was indeed
the thing that was calling me.
So I invited it to
come and hang out.
At one point, Daniel heard
me talking to this red orb,
and he couldn't
believe it either.
He went and got his camera
and took a short video
clip of this red orb.
>> He said that for
the next 45 minutes,
he had a communication
with them.
And at the end of
the conversation,
he said, do you think you can
do something about my hearing?
>> I got some sleep,
and when I woke up,
I went out to breakfast
with some of the people
in the group.
I had hearing aids, and they
weren't with me at breakfast.
And it was a very
emotional event for me
to discover that I could
hear everything everyone was
saying at the table.
And not only at my table,
but at tables away from me.
And I haven't worn my
hearing aids since.
I had a hard time finding
them to bring them here.
They do a very good job, but
not as good as the ETs did.
It's changed my life.
You know, it really has.
That's the part that gets me.
>> I didn't know this happened
to him until I saw him the next
day on the hammock.
And he was just
relating this story.
And he was crying like a baby.
And just to watch the
emotion coming out of him
was very moving.
And he's had perfect
hearing since then.
>> My takeaway from the event
and from my experience with
the ETs is that they've
been in my life a long time.
I just didn't know it.
It's such a beautiful
world waiting for us.
>> It's useful for us to think
about our own experience over
the last couple hundred years.
If you go back
200 and some years
and show Thomas Jefferson
a modern smartphone,
to anyone of that
period, it would look
like something that was magic.
>> "Any sufficiently advanced
technology is indistinguishable
from magic."
Arthur C. Clarke.
>> We're dealing with
civilizations where almost
every aspect of how they appear
in our time space would look
like magic to us.
And in the CIA, this is
actually called WSFM.
It sounds like a radio station.
It stands for Weird
Science and Frickin' Magic.
A spacecraft can
be completely 3D
like you see a solid aircraft.
It can be partially
in this dimension,
but shifted mostly
into another dimension.
So I liken this to,
like, when you're turning
a dial on an old AM radio.
And you can move it
across, and you suddenly
pick up Chicago and New
York at the same time.
They're bleeding together,
dimensional bleeding.
And so often, these ET
craft will be partially
in this dimension,
but mostly out.
And all that we will
detect in this dimension
might be an electronic
signature or an object that
appears and flashes in and out,
a scintillation of light that
then vanishes, or an object that
comes in where it looks almost
like a hologram of
an ET being that
will be standing
amongst us, but it's
an electronically
teleported version
of that conscious being.
I love this one.
His name is Bijou.
It's pronounced "Bee-joo".
He's an interstellar
beam from Andromeda.
And he has a very
bright-looking nose,
because there is a orb here that
teleported him onto the site.
With the naked eye, the
only thing that was seen
was this sphere that came
up right beside my shoulder.
>> What was amazing is there
was a light kind of illuminating
this being.
He was just floating in sort
of this energetic space,
and it looked like
he was waving at me.
>> He's sort of
doing this, floating.
He's in the air
maybe five feet up.
When I asked him
where he was from,
he said he was from
Andromeda galaxy.
>> Sometimes I have to pinch
myself and make sure I do
a little self-check to make
sure I'm just really seeing
something, or it's
not my imagination.
But that was a huge
confirmation that we are really
on to something with
what we're doing,
that we are really
making contact.
The ETs are participants
in the whole story,
in this whole unfoldment.
So it's really amazing
that you're communicating
with someone from an
entirely different world,
and it's mind-boggling, really.
>> Now, this is beautiful.
We were on the beach and this
appears right on the sand
in front of me.
And you can see the
eyes very faintly.
It's barely in this dimension.
It's very crystalline.
It's pitch black on this beach.
This being, highly intelligent,
an extraterrestrial
civilization at the
level of the celestial.
So visualize humanity
evolving to the point
that everyone on Earth were
in cosmic consciousness
and enlightenment.
That's what we're talking about.
Half a million to a
billion years ahead of us.
Get a load of this.
We're in a deep
meditation I'm leading.
We're in cosmic consciousness.
This is a Peruvian
doctor, a medical doctor.
I call it the
cosmic spermatozoa.
It looks-- and it comes in,
and it wraps around her.
And she begins to have the
kundalini and an enlightenment
experience like she's never had.
And of course, this happens
a lot on these expeditions.
But we got it on photograph.
Isn't that cool?
I love this one.
It's just off the edge of hill.
And you see people
turning to look.
And it was this object
that materialized
into this dimension, and lit
up and then dematerialized.
What I saw in my remote
view was a very large craft
filled with ETs from
different civilizations
that were joining us
in the meditation,
because that's what
they're interested in.
They're interested if you have
a pure heart, a clear intent,
and you're wanting to join
them in universal peace.
That's it.
They don't care
about your degrees.
They don't care about--
this is what the Prince
of Liechtenstein said.
You know, I've gone all
over the world where
these UFOs are seen, and
they're seen before I'm there
and after.
But when I'm there,
they're not around.
Maybe it's my attitude.
I said, bingo.
>> Every experience that
could be-- that was described,
no matter how
unbelievable, in Dr.
Greer's books or the manuals,
we've experienced them
ourselves.
And someone snapped a photo
with their iPad, beams of energy
with arrowheads
on them coming out
of members' third eye
in the heart center.
When we looked closer
at the photo here,
there was a silhouette.
And they were standing--
before we had broken
the circle, they
were standing under
the hands of people
as we had held hands there.
So you could see a bald
being with a long robe,
about four feet tall.
So that was an amazing shot.
>> What I began to understand
is that there is this whole
spectrum of phenomena that
involves 3D matter, light,
sounds that emerge, tonality,
electromagnetic interface.
For example, we have
electronic devices
we'll have out, like
a radar detector,
magnetometers that pick up
the magnetic field shift.
Those will all start
being activated
when a craft is approaching.
And we're out in the
middle of the wilderness
where there's no source of
this electromagnetic radiation.
But they'll start communicating
in a specific cadence,
and a repeatable cadence.
And I call this transdimensional
electronic communication.
And they will actually
take over the circuitry
of these electronic devices
we have out in the desert,
and begin to do a
specific communication.
You have to decode it,
but it's reproducible.
And their different
civilizations
will have a different pattern.
So this is an electronic
version of them making contact.
>> On the shores of the Outer
Banks in North Carolina,
ETs produced these tones via
the team's radar detector.
[ELECTRONIC CHIMING]
An enormous golden
object appeared,
illuminating the ocean.
[ELECTRONIC CHIMING]
>> Yes.
>> Another object appeared
and made a 180 degree turn,
a maneuver that no
satellite can make,
then dematerialized
in clear skies.
>> What comes up in the
context of CE-5 is, (GASPS),
something's happening.
(GASPS) Well, what is it?
How's it going to affect me?
And all the drama comes up?
The Independence Day
images, the drama
that's all through YouTube.
All of the programming
that is out there
comes up, because
we're saturated in it.
What I would suggest to people
if they are experiencing fear,
or if they feel
apprehensive about doing it,
make sure you do it in a group.
Make sure you set up the
parameters of unity, of peace.
This is a frequency
that is as far
out of the spectrum of fear.
So there's an
incompatibility there
from a scientific perspective.
If you think about
resonant waves, the energy,
the gratitude, love,
joy, peace, all of that,
this is a frequency
that you establish first
through whichever
practice appeals to you.
And then extend your
connection from there.
>> Researchers have
discovered that remote viewing
and meditation are most
effective when the participant
enters a state called
heart-mind coherence.
The human heart
contains 40,000 neurons
that can sense, feel,
learn, and remember.
You can bring your mind and
heart into this coherent state
and have more
access to intuitive
knowing by consciously
focusing on positive emotions
during your meditation.
>> These beings can--
they respond to our thoughts.
They respond to our thoughts.
So they will not be invasive.
And if you're feeling like
you want to continue whatever
contact experience
that is happening,
but there may be a
bit of residual fear
that you're trying to
work through, tell them.
Say, look, I'd love to
carry on doing this,
but I feel a bit
scared right now.
Can you help me with that?
And they will.
>> And that's the other evidence
I know they're not hostile.
We've been all over
the world, thousands
of hours with
thousands of people,
have had all manner of contact
at a distance and intimately--
beings, ET beings
appearing in our rooms--
all kinds of things.
No one has ever been harmed.
No one has ever
been harmed at all.
This is in an official
document on the FBI website,
sort of hidden in plain sight.
But it really
confirms everything
that we're explaining, but
also the experience we've had.
And this is from 1947.
So this is 72 years old.
He goes through and describes
that they are peaceful people.
They traverse these dimensions.
That they have these
abilities in consciousness.
He even relates to
some of the Vedic terms
of the kind of capabilities
witnessed from these beings.
>> "All matter originates
and exists only by virtue
of a force which brings
the particles of the atom
to vibration.
I must assume behind
this force the existence
of a conscious and
intelligent mind.
This mind is the
matrix of all matter."
Max Planck, founder
of quantum theory.
>> Even though what I'm doing
with CE-5 is what I'm most
ridiculed for, it was the
project that got the most
respect and attention from
the intelligence community,
because they knew it was real.
They knew the science of
consciousness is real.
They knew that these
ET civilizations
utilize communication
technologies that
interface with thought, and
telepathy, and consciousness.
They all know this.
This is an open secret in
the intelligence community.
We all think that power is
derived from your weapons
system, your financial clout,
the usual materialistic
paradigm.
The reason that the deeper
elements of the intelligence
community have this
intense interest in it
and don't want the public to
know is that first of all,
it is extremely
efficient spycraft,
which they don't
want others to have.
Secondly, they know that
if people understood
the power of consciousness,
and of mass consciousness,
they would be able
to completely change
the direction of the planet.
That is, to me, the big secret.
>> Most people have heard of the
random number generator studies
through the Global
Consciousness Project.
>> A question tonight.
Can you actually measure
the emotional outpouring
in a worldwide crisis?
>> Some scientists think that
they have done just that.
Their machines and computers
found a bizarre pattern right
after several global disasters.
>> This was an experiment in
which researchers placed dozens
of random number generators
around the world and analyzed
their data to see if they could
discover anything about global
or collective consciousness.
>> On September 11, a few hours
before the first plane struck,
this network of random
number generators became more
coherent.
Less random and more coherent.
>> It may sound bizarre, but Dr.
Nelson and his team have been
at this for the better
part of a decade.
The first spike
showed up in 1997
with the death of
Princess Diana.
Other events, like the
"Concorde" crash, the Madrid
train bombing, and
the Pope's funeral
all registered on those
random number generators.
But early on the
morning of September 11,
the data went off the charts.
>> The odds of this being a
coincidence is less than 1
in 100 billion.
This shows there is
a deep relationship
between collective consciousness
and the physical world.
>> Sociology studies
of meditators,
where they go into a community--
say you have a town of 200,000
people.
And they would send in 1% of
the population equivalent, 2,000
people, to go into
deep meditation.
And they found that emergency
room visits declined,
violent crimes
declined, robberies,
all kinds of negative
behaviors declined,
even though those
people didn't even
know they were in the city.
Because there is this resonant
effect through The Force,
if you want to look at it that
way, through this entangled,
interwoven consciousness field.
And people who didn't even know
these meditators were there
became more ordered, more
peaceful, more happy,
et cetera, and so on.
>> This was actually based on
the studies done in quantum
physics in which a container
of helium was cooled down
to absolute zero.
When only 1% of the helium
became aligned to coherent,
the entire container went
through a phase transition,
instantly shifting
into coherence
and taking on almost
magical properties,
a state called super-fluidity.
>> So there was this
transformation at that 1%
point.
When a critical mass of
people, and whether it's 1%
or a fraction of that depends
on the state of consciousness
of those who are
practicing the meditation
or prayer or a coherence.
But at that point, you can
shift an entire civilization.
If we all become
coherent, just 1% of us,
like a molecule of helium, and
we become aligned and coherent
and move in the
right direction, it
will transform the other
99%, even though they
don't know that we're doing it.
And that's the
beauty and the power
of the structure of
nonlocality in consciousness,
is that it's all
interwoven, but there's
enormous power when you're
operating at that deeper
level of consciousness.
And that the intelligence
community is very much afraid
of, because that's something
A, they cannot control, and B,
it would transcend their
ability to alter the outcome.
>> "The total number of
minds in the universe is one.
In fact, consciousness
is a singularity
phasing within all beings."
Dr. Erwin Schrodinger, Nobel
Prize-winning physicist.
>> I'll tell a
really funny story.
In '92, the head of
Army Intelligence
and a few of his
minions intercepted me
and took me to a hotel
room, very threatening.
It was a National Security
Agency person there,
CIA people.
They were saying, what the
hell do you think you're doing,
teaching people to
bypass our systems
and contact these civilizations?
I said, I don't recognize your
authority over this matter.
And then I looked
them in the eyes
and I said, I'm
not afraid of you,
because I died when I was 17,
and I know there is no death.
I don't care about your money.
And I've had direct contact
with these civilizations,
so you can't deceive
me about who they are
and why they're here.
And the general just
sat back like this
and went, well, we know exactly
who this son of a bitch is.
And I said, yes.
So this is what
we're going to do.
It was very
frustrating for them,
but later, a member of one of
the European royal families,
who I don't want to name, who
was involved with that crowd,
came up to me.
And she says, you know, they're
very jealous of what you
and your team are doing.
I said, jealous of what?
These are the most powerful
people in the-- he says, no.
They know that you guys
actually collectively
have all the power.
And they wish they could
do what you're doing.
But they're in the box of this
national security state program
that they cannot escape from.
And you're free.
You're a free agent.
You're free to do wonderful
things, and they're not.
And they're really jealous
of what you guys are doing.
It was a real insight
into the sad psychology
of the people who are in
this pinched, small world.
So I say to the public,
you should be happy
that you're not
part of all of that.
You have the freedom to do
things they can never do.
So let's do it.
>> It is good to know that we
have the tools we need when we
apply CE-5 protocols.
So anybody can do
it no matter where
you're from, what background.
You can just learn
the protocols.
We have a lot of friends
from around the world who
never been on one of
these expeditions,
and they just go online
and use the protocols
and apply them and have
wonderful experiences.
>> I'm practicing CE-5 in
Cambridge, United Kingdom.
>> Colorado Springs.
>> Creston, British
Columbia, Canada.
>> Geraldton, Western Australia.
>> Burnsville, North Carolina.
>> Lexington, Michigan.
>> Morehead, Kentucky.
>> Vancouver Island.
>> Shelton, Washington.
>> New Zealand.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> Melbourne, Australia.
>> Riverdale, Georgia.
>> Beautiful
Buckingham, Virginia.
>> Essen, Germany.
>> Ontario, Canada.
>> Scappoose, Oregon.
>> Vancouver.
>> Guadalajara.
>> Sydney, Australia.
>> Winchester, Virginia.
>> Darlington, England.
>> Orlando, Florida.
>> Knoxville, Tennessee.
>> Freistadt in Austria.
>> Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
>> Alexandria, Virginia.
>> Beit Shemesh, Israel.
>> Albuquerque, New Mexico.
>> [SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> Indianapolis, Indiana.
>> England.
>> Cygnet, Tasmania.
>> We are doing a CE-5 in
Hong Kong and making history.
>> People from all walks of
life are becoming interstellar
ambassadors and experiencing
transcendent states
of consciousness in
union with these beings.
Thousands are making
contact by simply
using the guided meditation
and the CE-5 contact app.
It's up to the children of Earth
to become active participants
in the unfolding
of our universe,
and not leave it
to the power elite.
Once we reach a
critical mass of people,
a coherent and
enlightened minority
can transform the rest
of humanity instantly.
>> It's more about
what your intent is.
You have a pure heart,
for lack of a better word.
You have a clearness in
your mind and in your heart.
Can you bring your mind and
heart into resonance together,
and invite these civilizations
to connect with you
in this great purpose,
this great journey
that we're launching
on as a civilization,
where we are going to
become interstellar?
Interestingly, there was a
colonel named Phillip Corso.
And Colonel Corso wrote a
book, "The Day After Roswell".
And one of the events
that wasn't known
was this encounter
he had with an ET
at White Sands
Missile Range, not far
from where the first
atomic bomb was dropped.
And this was 1956.
And an interstellar vehicle
came in, and it landed.
So he gets in his Jeep
and rushes out there,
this is a young, brash,
colonel, and has a meeting,
an encounter with this ET.
At a certain point, the
ET asked the colonel
to switch off these "radar
systems" that had piggybacked
on them, electronic
warfare systems that were
knocking these spacecraft down.
And the colonel leaned in and
said, what's in it for me?
And the ET looked at him
and said, a new world,
if you can take it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]